Feb 3

$31.11 dividends and earnings
$47.81 market change
$ 0.06 random from controller

$78.98 as of 1/31/2020

we are on this call because of numerous different responses i have received
each individual also changed their initial response once I had clarified

Karen's response from Jan 23 was partial: addressed only earnings, not market change
0.06: keep
dividends: can keep in the account
market change: plan forfeiture account? or keep?

success for me is confirming that the details of the situation have been understood, then a response obtained from you on correct action to take

Karen: market change should come back to "plan forfeiture account"

Karen understands that market change needs to be related only.

Marci sends request to say what to do
Karen to get back to Marci



Jan 23

I apologize for the delayed response.  The earnings from the contribution amount that was returned to Matthew were $31.11.  That amount will actually stay in his account.  He would have gotten it back if the overage had stayed in the account and gone through the year end testing process and he received a refund.  But since this was returned via a payroll reversal, the earnings at this point will only be returned to him in a distributable event.  Let me know if he has any questions about this.



Jan 17

I’ve just got off the phone with ADP and they have informed me that I need to work with the plan administrator at Plastiq to make a correction to my 401(k) with Plastiq. I understand that you are the person to speak with; please correct me if I am wrong in which case read no further.

In 2019, I accidentally over-contributed to my 401(k), I reported the error to Nwokedi, and the over-contribution itself was returned in my next paycheck. However, during the time that the over-contribution was in my 401(k), there were earnings, which according to ADP need to be withdrawn, in a correction that only the plan administrator at Plastiq can perform by calling ADP client services.



Jan  6

Certainly. For 2019, my 2019-12-31 paycheck reflected the correction to my contribution. Thank you for taking care of that. I appreciate the improved cash flow. Unfortunately it looks like ADP did not consider the effect of earnings during the sixteen days the money was held, leaving this unresolved.

There were some earnings on the money while in the 401k that was not distributed to me, which should have been, according to the IRS. Essentially, I earned $79.10 on my excess contribution, which ADP should have included in the distribution, leaving the balance at zero. That money remains in the 401k as of 1/3/2020.

https://ttlc.intuit.com/community/retirement/discussion/what-tax-documentation-do-i-need-to-show-a-refund-of-my-overcontribution-to-my-401k/00/516262

https://www.irs.gov/retirement-plans/fixing-common-plan-mistakes-failure-to-limit-contributions-for-a-participant

Once I begin contributing to the 401k, calculating the correct earnings becomes a lot more complicated, so it would make sense that this excess earnings was taken out as soon as reasonably practicable. Would you please make the right people aware of this? If not, would you please let me know who I should speak with?